solitude
loneliness is like having the wrong road
like being lost in a place where nobody knows you
solitude
hear only you text
plead that you can only rely on your own strength
because by now you know why nobody
federalberghi a hand
solitude of the
preparation test knowing
that you could end that nothing will be the same as before
feeling alone and all these things together
but that day I realized that the worst loneliness for me
and not being able to have ph
it's our fault
they didn't have to leave her alone
we couldn't imagine what he had discovered
it was not
find yourself with the shirt on the neck for her must have been shocking no
I didn't understand anything in the manual
what it means I say only that I am not one of us, and that's enough
totally way
we with you are not like us
I now take me as never before we must not move
you know we can't get out of school I know for sure
we didn't let go without doing anything
don't remember warranty request
from deciding to leave I understood, but this is not the point. cost
I'm sorry but I'm lost
desserts
that's just a saying
as I see it, the question is very simple, we are her friends
we can't just sit here with our hands while she was out there all alone
you know what I say to you, and you are right, maqetta clear young man than me
I had said it immediately
concert and then what we do
first we must be able to find it
shipments you want to get out of school despite the white ban
I am very sorry but unfortunately I don't see any other you
you are with many questions people virgil
how you dress you're also this is a way of saying I don't have this story
it will also perform another rejection
best
multimedia we want to find as soon as possible
who knows what you're doing right now
what have you done you stay so quiet I signed as
unicredit that this time to take advantage of it comes off
our horses elections we fell for you as an amateur
but how could I imagine being reborn following following I'm not talking about
breed features
it is she who convinced you to enter the portrait room
you are great and sulfus and speechless
when it comes to race i never know what to say i'd hate to leave mine
friend found
the windows life turned on maps
can you tell me that the battle against females
it is going to start
route and will not come
they will be able to fight my miss that they are also wrong
at the feast of the preliminary angelic warriors
3oh 3 -
you know why we are here
go from home
but before starting we must wait for the arrival of everything
you
a lady
what is happening parma and you should know but who is attentive to there is a
angel there is always even a tooth
how boring
diabolik and eva
I had heard of it when I imagined it so you saw it
then the professor marvels
but what are you waiting for
I was waiting for volleyball
we will not intervene
certainly unless the angels fail, this cannot happen
listen to my duty to offer you a chance of salvation surrender e
returns the portraits of the malcolm lands looks really furious though
I
I would give him even the moon you do not know it the neutral will not give up
so easily thank you I should surrender to really be already
christmas down does not think so
if you want here - the greatest to convince but who wants to pass by the fireplace
could beat him please do not intrude coworker as you want
you are ready to face the consequences of your actions, you talked too much
for my tastes benji to my martini this is what you want